Look
Now, it's like this, little britches.
All you gotta do is - (clap)
Look for the bare necessities
The simple bare necessities,
Forget about your worries and your strife.
(Clap)
I mean the, bare necessities
Are Mother Nature's recipies
That bring the bare necessities of life.
Wherever I wonder, wherever I roam.
I couldn't be fonder
Of my big home
The bees are buzzing in the tree
To make some honey just for me.
When you look under the rocks and plants
And take a glance at the fancy ants
Then maybe, try a few.
You eat ants?
Ha-ha, you better believe it!
And you're gonna love the way they tickle.
Mowgli, look out!
The bare necessities of life
will come to you.
But when?
They'll come to you.
Look for the bare necessities
The simple bare necessities.
Forget about your worries and your strife.
I mean the bare necessities,
That's why a bear can rest as ease
With just the bare necessities of life.
Now when you pick a paw-paw,
Or a prickly pear.
Ow!
And you prick a raw paw,
Well, next time beware.
Don't pick the prickly pear by the paw,
When you pick a pear try to use the claw.
But you don't need to use the claw,
When you pick a pair of the big paw-paw.
Have I given you a clue?
Golly, thanks Baloo!
Paw-paw, ha! Of all the silly gibberish.
Come on, Baggy, get with the beat!
The bare necessities of life will come to you.
They'll come to me!
They'll come to you!
How 'bout scratchin' that old left shoulder while you're up there,
Mowgli?
Now just a hair lower.. There, right there.
That's it. Ahh..
This is beautiful.
That's good. Kid, we've got to get to a tree,
this calls for some big scratch!
You're lots of fun, Baloo!
Right on it.. Yeah!
That's delicious! Oh, ooo! Just a little bit--
mmm.. yeah.. ha-ha.. ooo.
Mm... mmm... ha-ha.. ooo. yeah!
Oh man, this is really livin'.
So just try and relax. Yeah.
Cool it. Fall apart in my back yard.
Cause let me tell you something
little britches.
If you act like that bee acts, uh-uh. You're working
too hard.
And don't spend your time looking around for something
you want, that can't be found.
(Clap, clap) When you find out you can live without it
and go along not thinking about it.
And I'll tell you something true.
The bare necessities of life will come to you.
Ahh.. I give up. Well, I hope his luck holds out.
Mowgli, how 'bout you singing?
Look for the bare necessities,
The simple bare necessities.
Forget about your worries and your strife.
Yeah, man!
I mean the bare necessities,
that's why a bear can rest at ease.
With just the bare necessities of life.
Yeah!
With just the bare necessities of life,
yeah, man!
Ha-ha-ha. Beautiful.
That's real jungle harmony.